Fork choice rule (#156)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/core/0_beacon-chain.md

* Let `get_ancestor(store, block, slot)` be the ancestor of `block` with slot number `slot`. The `get_ancestor` function can be defined recursively as `def get_ancestor(store, block, slot): return block if block.slot == slot else get_ancestor(store, store.get_parent(block), slot)`.
* Let `get_latest_attestation(store, validator)` be the attestation with the highest slot number in `store` from `validator`. If several such attestations exist use the one the validator `v` observed first.
* Let `get_latest_attestation_target(store, validator)` be the target block in the attestation `get_latest_attestation(store, validator)`.
* The head is `lmd_ghost(store, justified_head)` where the function `lmd_ghost` is defined below. Note that the implementation below is suboptimal; there are implementations that compute the head in logarithmic time.

```python
def lmd_ghost(store, start):
    validators = start.state.validators

>     active_validators = [validators[i] for i in range(get_active_validators(validators, start.slot))]

Reviewer: `get_active_validators` has not been defined and we have `get_active_validator_indices(validators)`.

```suggestion
    active_validators = [validators[i] for i in range(get_active_validator_indices(validators))]
```

Reviewer 2: Ok will fix 👍
